This Assignment assesses the following module Learning Outcomes (from Definitive Module Document):

1. Be able to maintain and develop code using the git version control system.

2. Be able to apply different techniques for cleaning data and preparing it for analysis.

3. Be able to design and implement algorithms for clustering, classification and regression problems.

4. Be able to communicate their findings to others, including a critical assessment of performance.

5. Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the concepts of version control for code development.

6. Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of key data manipulation techniques for data preparation.

7. Understand how to approach a range of different data science problems to obtain an efficient solution.

Assignment Tasks: 

You will create a well-written report performing clustering and fitting within a dataset. You can download any dataset from Kaggle/Worldbank/etc.
Be sure to include your name, student number and a link to your GitHub repository in the report. There will be at least four plots:
a histogram/bar chart/pie chart; a line/scatter graph; a confusion matrix/heatmap/corner/box/violin plot; an elbow/silhouette plot.
The code will contain evidence of the creation of any displayed graphs (one graph per function) and the creation of any shown clustering/fitting technique.
The minimum expected techniques will be that of k-means clustering and line fitting.

This will build on the statistics and trends assignment into a full report as would be produced by a professional data scientist.
However, do not use the same report/dataset as previously (this will be checked), as self-plagiarism is still academic misconduct.

Note: You may be asked to attend a viva if there are suspicions of derivative work, i.e.,
collusion (submitting near-identical work at any quantities); plagiarism (using someone else's work, including from online); or the use of generative AI (e.g. ChatGPT). If you do not attend this viva, the grade for the relevant work will be 0.

Submission Requirements:

 A three page PDF report, including a functional link to your GitHub repository containing your python code (either notebooks or plain python). Check that your repository link is both clickable and links to a public repository. The plots must be in the report to be marked, not within the notebook. Do not waste space in the report with trivial content such as how you downloaded and read a file. The prose should flow as: short introduction to the topic; discussion on what the first plot is showing, using statistics and describing the distributions; then same for second plot then third plot.

Marks awarded for:

See rubric.

Type of Feedback to be given for this assignment:

Written feedback within the rubric.

Additional information:

 Regulations governing assessment offences including Plagiarism and Collusion are available from https://www.herts.ac.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0007/237625/AS14-Apx3-Academic-Misconduct.pdf (UPR AS14) .
 Guidance on avoiding plagiarism can be found here: https://herts.instructure.com/courses/61421 (see the Referencing section)
 For postgraduate modules:
 a score of 50% or above represents a pass mark.
 late submission of any item of coursework for each day or part thereof (or for hard copy submission only, working day or part thereof) for up to five days after the published deadline, coursework relating to modules at Level 7 submitted late (including deferred coursework, but with the exception of referred coursework), will have the numeric grade reduced by 10 grade points until or unless the numeric grade reaches or is 50. Where the numeric grade awarded for the assessment is less than 50, no lateness penalty will be applied.