
Relational Graph Quality:
Full marks(2) The graph will convey an xy relation. The axes labels will be fully readable without effort & relations(s) will be clear.

Categorical Graph Quality:
Full marks(2) The graph will compare multiple categories.
The axes labels will be fully readable without effort and the appearance will be clear.

Statistical Graph Quality: 
Full marks(2) The graph will communicate a statistical relation. The axes labels will be fully readable without effort and the appearance will be clear.

Qualtity Of Analysis:
Full Marks(5) The explanation is clear & coherent. Statistics are used to suport statments. There is is a connecting store line.

Spelling & Grammer:
Full marks(1) The splelling & grammer is correct.

Relational Graph Function:
Full marks(1) Function with docstring which only creates one plot.

Categorical Graph Function:
Full marks(1) Function with docstring which only creates one plot.

Statistical Graph Function:
Full marks(1) Function with docstring which only creates one plot.

Statistical Depth:
Full marks(3) All major moments shown (mean/median, standard deviation, skewness, kurtosis.) Correlation matrix and basic "describe" used.

Code Quality:
Full mark(2) Code is easy to read & follow major PEP-8 recommendations: import> functions> variables order:functions separated by exactly two lines (one if in a class) or sole occupier
of notebook cell; spaces after commas and around assignment/ mathermatical operatiors

Clustring Function:
Full marks(1) Function with docstring which only creates one plot.

Fitting Function:
Full marks(1) Function with docstring which only creates one plot.

Clustring Quality:
Full marks(6) The clusters will appear well grouped. The data will have been normalised & back scaled to present. Clear use of silhouette score/elbow method to select
cluster amount. The graph will have coloured graphs & labelled cluster centers in the legend. The data will be appropriate for clustring.

Fitting Quality:
Full marks(5) The data will be fitted & suitable for fitting. The plot will include a good confidence interval & errorbars.

Clustering Prediction:
Full marks(4): Several predicted points will be attached to appropriate groups & clearly labelled & coloured.

Fitting Prediction:
Full marks(3) Several prediction with good, associated uncertainites are shown.





